ASU ID:1216046728
Student: Austin Frost
Class: CSE 438 Embedded Systems Programming 
Term: Spring 2022
Assignment: 1

How to Start Program

1. Unzip directory to a location on a computer
2. Open the terminal and change its directory to the makefile
3. In the terminal, type 'make'. This will assemble the program for execution
4. You can either type the trace command provided in the document or you can type 'make run'
5. You must have sudo privilegs for this program to work. Otherwise, it will not run.

How to Use Program

	The program will be blank and not display anything the entire execution time. Let the program
start up for a couple seconds so the threads are initialized and ready (Note: the timer is
not running during this time period). After this, press the SPACE BAR on your keyboard to activate the
threads (Note: the timer will begin to countdown once the SPACE BAR is pressed). 

	The program will perform the computations and the tasks specified in the thread_model.h file. 
The program will then terminate after the TOTAL_TIME has been reached. It will take a few seconds for 
the program to clean up and terminate all the tasks appropriately. Once it is done, it will generate the 
trace file that can be opened with Kernel Shark.

	To activate an event for the aperiodic threads, you will press the corresponding number key at 
the top of the keyboard to activate that event number (i.e. press KEY_0 to activate event 0). This will
activate the aperiodic thread and it will begin to do the computations it was given in the thread_model.h
file.

	I added a kill switch to the threads for debugging purposes. If you press the 't' on the keyboard,
the threads will terminate automatically without waiting for the timer. However, the timer will continue to
count down and pause the main thread.

	If you are replacing the thread_model.h file with another version, be sure to place the newer version
inside the header folder within the project directory. The compiler will look for header files in that folder
and the thread_model.h file must be in there in order for the program to run properly!
